

Here is my codepen: https://codepen.io/mwahl1/pen/JjRxKvg


1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    2. What is HTML used for? To style and make a website clean and easy to read.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? attributes can be used to control how elements behave and are used inside tags
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page? H1 is used for a header. should use once
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes H has multiple different variations. 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? a section tag, div, or header tag
    7. What is an id? id is basically just identifying a unique tag 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? anything, as long as it is used once. 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? once, its unique.
    10. What is a class? class identifies multiple components of HTML
    11. What elements can I add a class to? anything you want to group togther.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? mulitple. 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? target="_blank"
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? if the image cant be shown, this text is shown instead.
    15. How do I reference an id? id="uniqueHeader"
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div? section is used for a group of headers and other tags, and the div tag is used for specific purposes
    17. What is CSS used for? to style a website
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page? h2 {}
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one. class is grouping things together like in mulitple images. ID is used to describe 1 thing, such as the header.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? section.class {}
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””? .human p {}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?  it selects all ements taht are a child of the element. It can be good for selecting one paragprah for CSS to style it.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?its a special element that can change how it reacts. such as :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? line-spacing
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters? letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? body {border: 1px dotted black;}
    29. How do I select everything on the page? *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? /* */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?  git status
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? git status
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?  rm. its irreversible
    34. Why should I use version control? keep track of all changes that are going on in your repo
    35. How often should I commit to github? often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. bascially branches of peopple working on 1 project, pushing code up to github making it easy to access and change code